Update index.md (#80)
AY2122S1-CS2103T-F13-3/tp: docs/index.md

---
layout: page
title: Tuition Address Book (TAB)
---

[![CI Status](https://github.com/se-edu/addressbook-level3/workflows/Java%20CI/badge.svg)](https://github.com/se-edu/addressbook-level3/actions)
[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/AY2122S1-CS2103T-F13-3/tp/branch/master/graph/badge.svg?token=ZHYAC5NIS7)](https://codecov.io/gh/AY2122S1-CS2103T-F13-3/tp)

> > Are you a busy private 1-to-1 home tutor who finds it difficult to remember all your students' information?

Reviewer: why is this a block quote 😂

Author: I wan to show engagement with target audience😂 @angkoonhwee

Reviewer 2: imo it looks bad in block quote. Use bold or header for emphasis instead, our just do without?

Author: ok changed it

> **Tuition Address Book (TAB)** is an all-in-one *desktop application* that helps you keep track of the large amount of student and lesson information, and to empower you to provide the best quality home tuition service.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
**Tuition Address Book (TAB)** is an all-in-one *desktop application* that helps you keep track of the large number of students and their respective lesson information, and empower you to provide the best quality home tuition service.
```
